README.md, before:

# ansible_vivo
Ansible playbooks for Vivo

## Vagrant Server

Install external roles

    ansible-galaxy install -r required-roles.yml

Install seed provided by administrator in your root directory

    cp <source>/vault ~/.vault

Start the Vagrant server

    vagrant up

## Target Server

If not already done, install external roles

    ansible-galaxy install -r required-roles.yml

Install seed provided by administrator in your root directory

    cp <source>/vault ~/.vault

Upload your public ssh key to the server, if necessary.

    cat $HOME/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh <username>@<vivo_domain.edu> 'cat >> .ssh/authorized_keys'

Modify inventory/dev/hosts file as appropriate:


    vivo_domain.edu ansible_user=<username> ansible_ssh_private_key_file=$HOME/.ssh/id_rsa

Run the ansible playbook to deploy the new site.

    ansible-playbook -i inventory/dev playbook.yml

## Begin Using Vivo

Once the server is up and running open your browser to http://vivo_domain.edu:8080/vivo
(or http://localhost:8080/vivo for Vagrant).

Login with username and password below, substitute mydomain with the domain defined by vivo_domain:

Username: `vivo_root@mydomain.edu`
Password: `rootPassword`

And change the adminsitration password that a secure password.

Commit message:

Clean up and secure database access
- Update database access
- Remove unnecessare database and users
- Update admin login instructions

README.md, after:

# ansible_vivo

Ansible playbooks for Vivo

## Vagrant Server

Install external roles

    ansible-galaxy install -r required-roles.yml

Install seed provided by administrator in your root directory

    cp <source>/vault ~/.vault

Start the Vagrant server

    vagrant up

## Target Server

If not already done, install external roles

    ansible-galaxy install -r required-roles.yml

Install seed provided by administrator in your root directory

    cp <source>/vault ~/.vault

Upload your public ssh key to the server, if necessary.

    cat $HOME/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh <username>@<vivo_domain.edu> 'cat >> .ssh/authorized_keys'

Modify inventory/dev/hosts file as appropriate:


    vivo_domain.edu ansible_user=<username> ansible_ssh_private_key_file=$HOME/.ssh/id_rsa

Run the ansible playbook to deploy the new site.

    ansible-playbook -i inventory/dev playbook.yml

## Begin Using Vivo

Once the server is up and running open your browser to http://vivo_domain.edu:8080/vivo
(or http://localhost:8080/vivo for Vagrant).

Login with username and password below, substitute vivo_root@mydomain.edu with the email
address defined by vivo_admin:

Username: `vivo_root@mydomain.edu`
Password: `rootPassword`

And change the administration password that a secure password.
